I decided to build android apps, so I took a course in android development. Then I went to the UK and got inspired to doing games programming. So I took a course in that and started building games. I told everyone I wanted to make android games. I was so sure this was what I was born to do.

Then, I got an internship at a web development company and got to experience first hand how they built web apps for clients. They even worked from home. I was impressed. I wanted to do that now. I switched careers and started learning Ruby on Rails. I came across a design course and bookmarked it. I was going to take it as soon as I was done with Ruby on Rails. Then I heard about UX and all the rave -  I had taken an Interaction Design course before at my university, but I didn't know UX could pay so well - I didn't waste a moment to take a couple of courses on Lynda while also trying to keep up with Ruby on Rails.

A month later I got the startup fever and started researching on building your own business. While halfway through the material I found another cool website raving on making a ton of money from freelance copywriting. Suddenly I wanted to be a copywriter. I could even picture myself talking to clients and earning lots of money. I started learning about starting your own business, web development and copywriting side by side. Thankfully I had already completed the UX course. Then one day, I came across a marketing course teaching you to grow your business and get customers. I made a mental checklist to take that course after I was done with copywriting. If they had a free trial I would probably have taken that too.

After a while it became too much for me and I stopped doing everything. I was confused and overwhelmed. I remembered Hermione and how she took a ton of courses and drove herself insane. I clearly needed to take a step by step approach. I started off again with Ruby on Rails and decided to support myself with copywriting while I learned how to do business. That's step by step right?
